Docs: Update trace to logs docs (#61099)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/zipkin/_index.md

### Configure trace to logs

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/explore/traces-to-logs-settings-8-2.png" class="docs-image--no-shadow" caption="Screenshot of the trace to logs settings" >}}

> **Note:** Available in Grafana v7.4 and higher.

The **Trace to logs** setting configures the [trace to logs feature]({{< relref "../../explore/trace-integration" >}}) that is available when you integrate Grafana with Zipkin.

**To configure trace to logs:**

1. Select the target data source.

> 1. Select which tags to use in the logs query. The tags you configure must be present in the spans attributes or resources for a trace to logs span link to appear.

Author: Shouldn't this be 2. instead of 1. ?

Same change for Tempo.

   - **Single tag**
     - Configuring `job` as a tag and clicking on a span link will take you to your configured logs datasource with the query `{job='value from clicked span'}`.
   - **Multiple tags**
     - If multiple tags are used they will be concatenated so the logs query would look like `{job='value from clicked span', service='value from clicked span'}`.
   - **Mapped tags**
     - For a mapped tag `service.name` with value `service`, clicking on a span link will take you to your configured logs datasource with the query `{service='value from clicked span'}` instead of `{service.name='value from clicked span'}`.
     - This is useful for instances where your tracing datasource tags and your logs datasource tags don't match one-to-one.

> The following table describes the ways in which you can add tags:

Reviewer: @joey-grafana , I'm looking for some kind of intro to the table that appears on each of the pages we're working with. Does this intro text accurately represent what the user should do with the table?

Author: ```suggestion
The following table describes the ways in which you can configure your trace to logs settings:
```
